# Wi-Fi-Hack-In-Parrat-Os-and-Kali-Linux
Hey, Today I’m going to tell you about How you can Install Parrot OS on Android. Parrot Os is the most popular and wide used for Hacking. It works similar to the Kali Linux and it also currently competitive with the Kali Right Now. You need good Hardware specs for using the Kali Linux but on Parrot, it runs on very fewer Hardware specs and gives you the faster response on your task. So, Lets Start… You need these minimum Requirements to Install it:  At least 1 GB RAM 2 GB Free Space on Your Phone Storage Android OS up to 5.0 Lollipop Need to spend time 30 minute These Three Apps are Needed to be Installed on Your Phone:  Now, Follow the steps of installing the Parrot OS on Android  1. Open the Termux app and Update the Installed Packages by typing the command:  apt-get update  2. Upgrade the Previous Installed Packages typing the command and Press Y if ask:  apt-get upgrade  3. Now, Open the AnLinux app Choose your distro Parrot Security OS in-app  4. You’ll see a Copy button there… Click on it.  5. Now, After Copied Click on the Launch button.  6. It will Open You the Termux app Paste the Copied command there then hit Enter.  7. Now, wait until the installation Finish.  8. Launch the Parrot OS using the command:  ./start-parrot.sh  Here You have Done the Installation In Parrot OS.  Install the Desktop Environment In Parrot OS  So, you can easy to use the GUI version of Parrot OS…  First of all, you have to Open the AnLinux app and then click on Menu. Click on Desktop Environment Choose your Distro: Parrot Security OS Now Choose the Desktop Environment: Xfce4 (Recommended) Click on Copy and Paste the command in the Termux app while you are running the Parrot OS. After type: Y and hit Enter (if ask) wait until the Downloading gets Finish (takes 15 to 20min) After Finish it will ask You for the Keyword Layout Just Press 1 and hit Enter (for English US) Now, It will tell you to create a password choose your Password (You won’t be able to see the password) It will tell you to Verify Just Re-type the Password and hit Enter All set… Just launch the VNC Viewer app and add a New Connection. In Address type: localhost:5901 In Name Choose any random name of your Connection label and Create After Created Click on it. Now, it will ask you for the Password Type the Password which you have chosen before and hit OK That’s it for today… If you have any questions and queries just ask them in the comment below.  Note: If it won’t ask you to choose Keyboard Layout or Password then you have to reinstall the Termux app and Follow the installation process again.  If you like this ..  Please Encourage me!!!!
